Make sure `dg/bypass-finals` works with Infection (#1728)
infection/infection: tests/e2e/Stream_Wrapper_Execution/README.md

# Ensures Infection works with `dg/bypass-finals`

* https://github.com/dg/bypass-finals/issues/9
* https://github.com/infection/infection/issues/1275

## Summary

> `dg/bypass-finals` before version 0.14.1 overridden Infection's Stream Wrapper and Infection did not create any Mutants.
> 
> This tests ensures that starting from 0.14.1 `dg/bypass-finals` works good and do not "disables" Infection's Stream Wrapper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`dg/bypass-finals` before version 1.4.1 overridden Infection's Stream Wrapper and Infection did not create any Mutants.

This tests ensures that starting from 1.4.1 `dg/bypass-finals` works good and do not "disables" Infection's Stream Wrapper.
```
